[CLI-3603] Update Connectors Docs (#686)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: docs/resources/confluent_connector.md

* [manage-offsets-mysql-sink-connector](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/tree/master/examples/configurations/connectors/manage-offsets-mysql-sink-connector)

-> **Note:** Certain connectors require additional ACL entries. See [Additional ACL entries](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/connectors/service-account.html#additional-acl-entries) for more details.

> -> **Note:** If there's no example available for your target connector, use the Confluent Cloud Console to start the provisioning process, and then copy the relevant ACLs and customer configurations into your terraform configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> Note: If there isn’t an example available for your target connector in the [connectors](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/tree/master/examples/configurations/connectors) folder, use the Confluent Cloud Console to begin the provisioning process. This can help you determine the required ACLs. You can also refer to the connector’s documentation page ([example](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/connectors/cc-amazon-dynamo-db-sink.html#step-3-create-the-connector-configuration-file)) to copy its default configuration and learn more about all available settings. Afterward, we recommend selecting an example with the same connector type (sink or source) and modifying its ACL list and configuration to fit your specific requirements.
```

Author: sounds goos, is there a reason though we don;t want the `Note` text to be bold?

Reviewer: That's a great catch! Glean removed that formatting 😁 We definitely want the Note text to be bold 👍
